[Music]
Heart program save me longer
But well getting back to the subject of Raquel
I'm interested
Because Raquel has come out
Raquel I don't know why she came out because
that's everywhere like God
everywhere where there is a rod
There it goes so that I have told Ivan
that he has spent many hours talking
to him and he said Hey Raquel it's almost
true How do you say son-in-law of what
people love me Pepa but that
Raquel is your family
what
Peppa has said who would see you with the grandchildren eh
Look at my relative my relative
Javi puts on a lot a lot of videos singing about
him but
friend
she is already with her ex boyfriend and she has a
man again this like everything She went on
TV with her She went on TV so
that people would talk about her with the one of the
moment but when she saw that there was no
cod well and the other side has turned
with the other and now
the love
the love has multiplied now Listen to one
thing What does that boy do Peppa
that Raquel's boyfriend yes before she was
working with  she in the real estate agency And
that now I don't know I met him this year
not the previous one when he came with her but he's
the owner of the real estate agency
and listen the
real estate agency guy is
her boss I mean the guy is her boss Hey, the guy
is her boss right
Well I don't know if he was the boss or not I
still have a beach chair and
a barbecue here but she had a boyfriend she
left him she's been with Omar she's done the whole
reality show there was one that's why she entered the
reality show he says come on let's
go please
the documentary he
's an apprentice next to this one an
apprentice
repeat it Ivan who hasn't heard
Of course I was reading that Alba
Carrillo is an apprentice next to this one
seriously but a real apprentice
for Raquel it's never gone well not in a
way let's see she's tried to get into a
reality show in another Italy she's at most a
collaborator in some debate but she's
never succeeded no never they're the
encouragements
Look do you know anyone who's been
in Madrid for six years always living in the
houses of such and such people never in their own house six
years renting in Madrid is a lot of
money Eh yes yes yes that  what is missing
Well look if she is smart my goodness
my goodness and Hey you know that your
daughter-in-law was almost there what
Well let's see she was there 4
years ago like that with Alberto
they had a summer
friendship and now
the friendship is here I'm staying there are
many similarities
eh And on top of that being with Omar
I'm cracking up
and I'll say it again that it's that I
love Raquel but I know that she doesn't
love me like I love her you
're stupid with people listen Peppa
next year in August to go to
Palmar she will love you again and she will say
darling there's room
Pepa a bit like me she gives
people what people don't give her back
David
I often when Look I'm going to
give you an example that I don't know if you're going to
like whoever is interested
and I was here in petikoping there are 3,000
people there is only football look when
you have given the opportunity to many
who now have their channel and they are doing very
well and I am happy eh I really am
happy that people like it
arrabal to many last night
you can repeat Peppa because I swear she
has brought many people here to her channel
who then opened a
YouTube channel and Javi has
recommended them he has brought them Here he has
given them the ball far away they have
made another channel and they have not been
grateful
to me they have not been grateful they
may have respect for her
but they have not been grateful and this is
what happens to me and you know it Ivan
with people in our circle
And well then that's it
man Pepa Raquel Lozano is
selfish but in every movement she
makes in her life she will never never never
move with anyone out of
affection never
to me it matters because I know her
very well because she betrayed me too
but she is a thoughtless and false person what
happened to you what happened to you with her well we
were on a
radio program in which we destroyed it and there was
Raquel Lozano who would not stop crying
day in day out because her colleagues
always destroyed them Marta
peñate Lucía parreño all this type of
folklore had her crushed and
me  berrocal Then I remember Well
that I cut them a little because and
also I always helped Raquel and one
day that I'm not going to tell the whole
story because it happened a long
time ago, well he betrayed me and I said Oh yeah And he
betrayed me for people with whom he
got along horribly
and I say well he betrayed me very well to
try to remove me and put serious
presenters and when And when it happened through
a roll when that happened because it happened
Well for the program the [ __ ]
lasted two weeks
What program was the night but that
night That sounds familiar to me a letter is that they
came out all the places that's what we did that it
started being on the radio on 10
radio and after being on 10 radio it went
to television on price channels on
Fox and we ruined the audiences our
stations fell the
radio station couldn't stand all the people who
were listening to it what's
hers I liked That one which
who Lucía parreño is the one that the one
from the sea and
left television left everything got a
boyfriend
and it ended we have to  invite Pepa one day that
controversy Yeah, that one, that one gets wet I don't think she's going to
come no Why Because
I'm telling you because her boyfriend no, she doesn't like him, he does
n't go to the debates like that because of what they
've told me I don't think she's going to come
anywhere either, you'll see okay okay
Oh what a shame well I like her I like her I liked her well well you
should invite Raquel here one day
and there they go another night the
two of them here so they can clarify their
livelihood that's it
imagine there is with her dramas Queen
who is very Drama Queen is very good eh
For those things she is a drama I'm laughing
now damn in the reality show she managed to
get into Nightmare in Paradise I
'm already telling you that she's not stupid she's not at
all well how could she not get involved she
joins the other one the other one is another
interested
eh The other one is another I
see
more face than a donkey with abscesses and he's
lazy and now he's on TV
that's a that's a fried egg without salt
[Music]